We have updated our common library, so it now has all that code related to creating events and listening
to events as well.
We've updated the version that the tickets service is making use of for the Common Library.
So now our ticket service has access to all that event stuff as well.
In this video, the first thing we're going to start to focus on is making sure that whenever someone
creates a new ticket by making a post request to our ticket service.
So specifically this new handler right here, we're going to make sure that we create the ticket, save
the ticket to the database.
And then right after that, we're going to want to publish an event telling every other service inside
of our application that someone just created a new ticket.
So to do so, we are going to create a new custom publisher inside of our tickets service.
This custom publisher sole purpose is to publish an event saying, Hey, a ticket was created.
It's going to end up looking just about identical to the one we just put together inside that little
gnats test project a moment ago.
So let's put this thing together right away.
Inside my ticket service, I'm going to find the SRC directory.
Inside there, I'm going to make a new folder called Events.
And then inside of that, I'm going to make a new folder called Publishers.
So we're going to have a slightly better folder structure this time around.
We're going to have a directory for all the different publishers that we create and a directory eventually
for all the different custom listeners we create as well.
Inside a publishers i'm going to make a new file called ticket created publisher.
It's.
Okay.
So instead of here, we're going to put together a very simple publisher.
Remember, a publisher is going to emit an event over to that streaming server.
And again, this thing is going to look very similar to the one we already put together.
So at the very top I'm going to import the publisher base class are subjects enum and the ticket created
event and all those are going to come from my common library.
So then inside this file, we're going to export a class of ticket related publisher.
This is going to be extending the publisher base class.
That is a generic class, which means we need to put on those angle brackets and provide the type of
event that we are going to try to emit with this publisher.
So in this case, it is a ticket created event.
So now TypeScript is going to try to guide us and tell us what we're doing wrong here.
Well, if we hover over this thing, it's telling us that we need to define some subject.
Remember, the subject is going to be essentially the name of the channel that we want to emit this
event to.
The name of our subject is going to be the ticket created event or should we not take a create event
but subjects.
That's what we're looking for.
We do a command click on subjects.
We'll see that we've got the subject in there named ticket created.
So put in subject.
It is of type subjects ticket created and its value is subjects ticket created as reminder.
We have to do both the type annotation right here and the value assignment.
The reason that we have both on here is to make sure that we never try to change the value of subject.
So by saying that subject is of type subjects to get created, we are not going to be allowed to change
this value to any other value at any point in time.
That looks good.
So now we can save this.
And now, in theory, in some other file, we can import this publisher.
We can create a new ticket.
Created publisher.
Hassan, Arnett's client, and then publish some kind of ticket or something like that.
All right.
So let's take a quick pause right here.
When we come back, the next video, we're going to figure out how to create a Nats client inside of
our tickets project.